بص اني هديك محادثة وملفات بين نموذج ذكاذ اصطناعي تاني اني عايزك تديني الاوامر والسكيلز اللى اثبتها وكل الحاجات وبعدها تديني البرومبت اللي استخدمه برومبت شامل وكامل عالاقل 7000 كلمة تمام؟طب بص اني عندي كلود كود  محمله عندي علي الجهاز وهخليه يعملي بزنس بلان عالاقل  200 الف كلمة تكون مفصلة جدا وهخليه يعملي بزنس بلان كاملة باستخدامه هحط الملفات دي في فولدر واخليه يقراها وبعدها هخليه يعملي بزنس بلان كاملة ومفصلة جدا جدا بكل التفاصيل وهخليه يحدد لي العملاء المناسبين ليا وكل حاجة ويسالني اسالة تمام؟ دي ملفات وبيانات اني جمعتها من النت فيها بيانات لكلود وبرومبتس حتي افهمهم حاليا تمام لما تقرأ وتفهم كل حاجة انى بعدها هقولك تعمل اي بس حاليا افهمهم فقط
دي روابط ادخل لها واقرا الصفحة وشوف كده اي اللي هينفعني انزله وكلود يستخدمه عشان اخفف الليميت وكده ويكون الشغل فيه كفاء اكبر

https://github.com/punkpeye/awesome-mcp-servers
https://github.com/BehiSecc/awesome-claude-skills
https://github.com/alirezarezvani/claude-skills
طب بص دول الملفات اللي هرفعهم له وهيفهمهم ويعمل البزنس بلان منهم بص بقي اني عايزك تقرأ الملفات دي كلها وتفهمها وتكتب برومبت مفصل بشكل فظيع يغطي كل الاقسام وكل حاجة عشان يعملي بزنس بلان تمام؟ شوف كده ده برومبت اني طنت كتبته له قبل كدهاريدك ان تقرا الملفات جيدا هذه الملفات بها تفاصيل كثيرة عن كيفية بدء agency وتفاصيل تقنية عن امور كثيرة جدا وتفاصيل عن النساء وعلم النفس عموما الخ انا اريد ان تفهم وتتشرب كل هذه الامور وتفهم ما انا اريد ان افعل انا اريد ان أبدأ الايجنسي الخاصة بي من الصفر واريدك ان تقوم بعمل خطة البونس والاسكربتات والطرق والتوظيف وكل شئ حرفيا من الصفر يمكنك ان تسالنى اى سؤال تحتاجه لتعرف اى شئ واريدك ان تقوم بعمل بزنس بلان مكونة من 100 الف كلمة حرفيا شاملة وتغطي كل شئ بالتفصيل الممل التوقعات والانظمة والتوظيف وجلب العملاء والايميلات وكل شئ حرفيا بالتفصيل لو لن تستطيع ان تكتب 100 الف كلمة مباشرة في نفس الرد يمكنك ان تقسمه علي جزئين او ثلاثة حسنا؟ يمكنك ان تكتب باي تنسيق يعجبك سواء ملف pdf او موقع html او اي شئ يعجبك لكن اريدك ان تقوم باستخدام اقل عدد من التوكينز يعنى سواء html او pdf او اى شئ اخر انا لا اهتم المهم التوفير في التوكينز حسنا؟ عموما لا مشكلة عندي لو الرد سيكون طويلا يمكنك ان تقسمه علي عدة ردود اصغر اتفهمني؟ لذا ما اريده منك هو ان نقوم بعمل ايجنسي من الصفر يمكنك ان تسالني اي سؤال تحتاجه  اريدك ان تفكر وتخطط جيدا اريدك ان تقوم بعمل موقع وتعمل لي بزنس بلان كاملة مفصلة تماما من خلال هذه الملفات انا ساقوم بعمل ايجنسي توزيع محتوي انت لديك ثلاث ملفات اول واحد هو "طب زي ما انت شايف" الملف ده في بيانات ومعلومات عن اللي ببنيه لكن مع ذكاء اصطناعي تاني والتاني اللي هو "ilovemerge" ده فيه النص اللي فيديوهات محمد اسامة علي اليوتيوب والتالت هو "base_cleand" ده فيه ملفات من محمد اسامة بيتكلم فيها ويشرح الخ انى عايز ابني ايجنسي خاصة بيا عايزك تفكر وتعمل كل حاجة بالتفصيل تمام؟ عايزك برده تسالني اسالة اللي محتاجها كلها سواء 30 او اربعين او 100 او 500 حتي عشان تمتلك كل المعلومات اللي محتاجها وتديني بزنس بلان وتفكر وتحلل وتديني اعمل اي والخطوات والاسكربتات اني كنت بعتت اسكربتات في ملف زي ما انت شايف كده اني كتبتها اقراها وافهم وطور واعمل كل حاجة من الصفر حرفيا لحد ما اجيب عميل وعايزك تدرس المنافسين وماركتينج استراتيجي وتحل ليا كل المشاكل اللي هتواجهني في المستقبل وتتوقع وتحل وبالنسبة لنقطة vps الخ يعني عشان نوصل المحتوي للاجانب عايزك تفكر بنفسك انت لو لاحظت في المحادثة هتلاقي انه الحلول دي مش ناقعة خالص تمام؟ وعايزك تديني الشرح اللي هديه للموظفين عن الشغل وتظبيط الدنيا وكل حاجة حرفيا وشرح لخوارزمية الانستا والسوشيال ميديا الخ عموما اني خدمتي هتكون عبارة عن اني هاخد صانع المحتوي اعمله برسونال براند فيصبح عنده فيديوهات طويلة بعدها اعمله توزيع محتوي فنبني جمهور واسع بعدها نعمل client acquisition عشان نحول المشاهدات لعملاء وفلوس عموما زي ما قلتلك اسالني اي سؤال انت مختاجة بعد ما تفهم الملفات واديني افضل نتيجة[٢٩/‏٤, ٢:٠٤ م] moaz: B U I L D I N G L E V E R A G E

5 Free AI Marketing Tools

That Replace a Full

Marketing Team

The exact tools to run copywriting, ads, video, and CRO from

a single terminal

BUI L D I NG L EVERAGE · A PRI L 202 6Building Leverage 5 FREE AI MARKETING TOOLS

01

T H E P R O B L E M

You Don't Need a Marketing Team. You Need the Right

Stack.

A full marketing team costs $15K-$30K per month. A content writer, a media buyer, a video editor, a

CRO specialist, a copywriter. Most solo founders and creators skip marketing because they can't

afford any of those roles.

Five free tools change that math. Each one handles a job that used to require a dedicated hire. They

run inside Claude Code, install in under a minute, and cost nothing.

This guide covers each tool: what it does, how to install it, and the specific use case where it saves you

the most time. No theory. Links and instructions for each one.

K E Y TA K E AWAY

You can run copywriting, ad campaigns, video production, and copy editing from one terminal

window. The five tools in this guide handle the work. You handle the strategy.

BUILDING LEVERAGE Page 2Building Leverage 5 FREE AI MARKETING TOOLS

02

A L L - I N - O N E M A R K E T I N G

Marketing Skills: 20+ Agents in One Install

Marketing Skills is a collection of 20+ specialized agents for Claude Code. Copywriting, SEO audits,

CRO reviews, analytics setup, content strategy, landing page optimization. Each agent brings domain

expertise that would take a marketing hire months to learn.

One install gives you access to the full collection. You call each skill when you need it. /copywriting

writes your landing page. /seo-audit scans your site for ranking issues. /page-cro reviews any page

and tells you what's killing conversions.

Install

Clone the repo and add it to your Claude Code skills directory. Each skill loads on demand.

M A I N R E P O

github.com/coreyhaines31/marketingskills

E X T E N D E D C O L L E C T I O N ( 4 0 + S K I L L S )

github.com/alirezarezvani/claude-skills

K E Y TA K E AWAY

One install replaces the need for a copywriter, SEO consultant, and CRO specialist. You run

each agent from the command line when the task comes up.

Start with /page-cro on your homepage. Most founders have 3-5 conversion killers they've never

noticed. This skill flags them in seconds.

T I P

BUILDING LEVERAGE Page 3Building Leverage 5 FREE AI MARKETING TOOLS

03

C O P Y Q U A L I T Y

Humanizer: Kill the AI Voice in Your Copy

AI-generated copy has a tell. Readers feel it before they can name it. Phrases like "in today's

landscape" and "it's worth noting" signal that no human wrote this. Your audience scrolls past.

Humanizer scores your copy on four dimensions: Directness, Rhythm, Trust, and Authenticity. Each

gets a 1-10 rating. Below 35 out of 50, the tool rewrites until the copy reads like a person wrote it.

Run it on landing pages, emails, social posts, ad copy. Anything customer-facing that AI touched

should pass through Humanizer before it goes live.

Install

G I T H U B R E P O

github.com/blader/humanizer

K E Y TA K E AWAY

AI copy that sounds like AI copy gets ignored. Humanizer catches the patterns your readers

already notice and rewrites until the voice sounds real.

Paste your best-performing email into Humanizer and check the score. That score becomes your

benchmark. Run all future copy until it matches or beats that number.

T I P

BUILDING LEVERAGE Page 4Building Leverage 5 FREE AI MARKETING TOOLS

04

P A I D A D V E R T I S I N G

Claude Ads: Full Ad Campaigns From One Prompt

A media buyer charges $2K-$5K per month to manage your ad accounts. Claude Ads generates full

campaign structures from a single prompt: headlines, descriptions, audience targeting, bid strategies,

and platform-specific creative for Google, Meta, YouTube, and LinkedIn.

Describe your product, your audience, and your budget. The skill builds out the full campaign: ad

groups, keyword targeting, negative keywords, responsive search ad variations, and A/B test

structures. You copy the output into your ad platform and launch.

Install

G I T H U B R E P O

github.com/AgriciDaniel/claude-ads

K E Y TA K E AWAY

You can launch a multi-platform ad campaign in an afternoon. Claude Ads handles the

creative and targeting structure. You handle budget and approvals.

Start with a Google Search campaign for your highest-intent keyword. Claude Ads will generate 15

headline variations and 4 description variations. Test those against your current best performers

for two weeks.

T I P

BUILDING LEVERAGE Page 5Building Leverage 5 FREE AI MARKETING TOOLS

05

V I D E O P R O D U C T I O N

Claude Code + Higgsfield: Cinematic Video Ads on

Autopilot

Higgsfield's Marketing Studio generates cinematic product videos, UGC-style ads, and branded

content. Claude Code controls the browser, writes the prompts, and submits jobs to Higgsfield without

you touching the interface.

You describe the video you want. Claude generates the Seedance 2.0 prompt with the right camera

language, style modifiers, and negative prompts. Then it opens Higgsfield, pastes the prompt,

uploads your product image, and kicks off the render. One command, done.

A single video editor costs $3K-$8K per month. This pipeline produces unlimited variations for the

cost of Higgsfield credits (which start free).

Get Started

H I G G S F I E L D A I

higgsfield.ai

K E Y TA K E AWAY

Claude writes the prompts. Higgsfield renders the video. You approve the final cut. A full video

ad pipeline with zero manual editing.

Use the Playwright MCP server to let Claude control your browser. The setup takes 10 minutes.

After that, Claude can operate Higgsfield, Canva, or any web tool hands-free.

T I P

BUILDING LEVERAGE Page 6Building Leverage 5 FREE AI MARKETING TOOLS

06

P R O M P T F R A M E W O R K S

Seedance 2.0 Skills: Free Prompt Templates for Video

Ads

Seedance 2.0 powers Higgsfield's video generation. The quality of your output depends on how you

write the prompt. Bad prompts produce generic footage. Structured prompts with camera angles,

motion types, lighting specs, and style tokens produce cinematic results.

This skill collection includes ready-made prompt frameworks for product ads, UGC content, cinematic

brand films, and social media hooks. Each template follows the structure Seedance performs best

with: Subject, Action, Camera, Style.

Load a template, swap in your product details, and generate. No trial-and-error prompt engineering

required.

Install

G I T H U B R E P O

github.com/dexhunter/seedance2-skill

K E Y TA K E AWAY

Prompt engineering is the bottleneck for AI video. These frameworks eliminate the

guesswork. You pick a template, plug in your details, and get consistent results.

Start with the product turntable template. Upload a product photo, run the prompt, and you'll

have a 360-degree showcase video in under five minutes. Use it for your website hero or product

listing.

T I P

BUILDING LEVERAGE Page 7Building Leverage 5 FREE AI MARKETING TOOLS

07

Y O U R A C T I O N P L A N

Install Your Marketing Stack This Week

You have five tools. Here's the order to install and use them for maximum impact in your first week.

1

Install Marketing Skills (15 minutes)

Clone the repo. Run /page-cro on your homepage or main landing page. Fix the top three issues it flags.

2 Run Humanizer on your best content(10 minutes)

Paste your top-performing email or landing page copy into Humanizer. Note the score. Rewrite until you

hit 40+/50.

3 Generate your first ad campaign (30 minutes)

Pick one product or service. Tell Claude Ads your audience and budget. Review the campaign structure

and launch a test on Google or Meta.

4 Set up the Higgsfield pipeline (20 minutes)

Install the Playwright MCP server. Connect Claude Code to your browser. Test by generating one

product video through Higgsfield.

5 Load the Seedance 2.0 prompt templates (5 minutes)

Clone the repo. Browse the available templates. Pick one that matches your next video project and

generate your first clip.

Total setup time: under two hours. After that, you have a marketing stack that handles copywriting,

ads, video, and quality control. The tools are free. The leverage is permanent.

BUILDING LEVERAGE Page 8
[٢٩/‏٤, ٢:٠٥ م] moaz: AI Audit Process In-Person
This is the exact in-person audit flow we use to diagnose a business, whiteboard the real bottlenecks, and turn it into a phased AI build — with clear deliverables, payment terms, and the tool stack we actually use to ship.
1) The hook (what you're really buying)
You're not buying "AI tools." You're buying a diagnosis + a phased build plan that turns messy ops into a clean implementation roadmap you can actually execute.
Outcome of the audit:
→ what to build  
→ in what order  
→ what data/systems we need access to  
→ what ROI to expect  
→ what Phase 1 looks like (6–8 weeks)
2) Why it matters (business outcomes)
Most businesses don't have a "tool problem." They have:
→ inconsistent inputs (no clear content pipeline, no SOP)  
→ human bandwidth constraints (content can't scale with headcount)  
→ no instrumentation (can't see what's working, so they can't improve it)
An in-person audit forces clarity fast because we listen, map the workflow, and pressure-test reality on a whiteboard.
3) The AI Audit Process (In-Person) — step-by-step
Step A — Pre-work (24–48 hours before onsite)
→ Collect 3 things:
Business context: offers, ICP, constraints, compliance, brand voice
Current content workflow: where ideas come from, who approves, where it breaks
Asset inventory: existing long-form, short-form, scripts, testimonials, case studies
Artifacts we request:
→ last 30 days of content (links/files)  
→ offer docs / landing pages / sales call recordings (if available)  
→ brand guidelines (if they exist)  
→ access map (accounts, APIs — we don't need access yet, we need the map)
Step B — In-room discovery (90–120 minutes)
This is where most "AI projects" either become obvious… or die.
How we run it:
→ 70% listening, 30% directing  
→ everything gets whiteboarded (inputs → transformations → outputs)  
→ we keep asking: "What triggers this?" and "What does 'done' look like?"
We map 4 lanes:
Demand (what content needs to exist, how often, for which channels)
Production (what gets created, edited, approved, and published)
Distribution (posting, repurposing, scheduling, analytics)
Feedback loop (what data informs the next week's content)
Step C — Bottleneck + gap analysis (30–45 minutes)
We identify:
→ where humans are required vs where AI can substitute  
→ what's missing (assets, prompts, process, approvals, tools)  
→ what's risky (brand compliance, hallucinations, review needs)
Rule: If the business can't describe the workflow in 5 minutes, the system will fail unless we create the workflow first.
Step D — System design on the whiteboard (60–90 minutes)
We turn the map into a build plan:
→ Phase 1 (6–8 weeks): the smallest "complete loop" that produces outcomes  
→ Phase 2: scale + reliability + distribution + dashboards  
→ Phase 3: deeper automation, personalization, multi-channel expansion
Deliverables from this step:
→ architecture diagram (inputs/outputs + tool stack)  
→ prompt + agent responsibilities (who does what)  
→ data sources + storage plan  
→ QA + approval gates (brand + compliance)
Step E — Scope + pricing (the "clean close")
We write the scope as:
→ outcome-based deliverables  
→ timeline (Phase 1 = 6–8 weeks)  
→ acceptance criteria for Phase 1 completion  
→ dependencies (what the client must provide, by when)
4) Phased build + payment terms (how we structure it)
Phase 1 (6–8 weeks): implementation sprint
Payment structure:
→ 50% upfront of Phase 1 scope (to begin immediately)  
→ 50% due upon Phase 1 completion (once Phase 1 deliverables are shipped + validated)
Why this works:
→ client has skin in the game  
→ we can staff + execute fast  
→ milestones stay clear (no "endless discovery")
5) Example outcome: Content Generation System (what we built from the audit)
Client problem: needed consistent content output but didn't have the human resources to produce it. We closed the gap with AI.
Solution: an AI-powered content generation system that:
→ turns raw inputs (calls, notes,Billion_Dollar_AI_Board
      The Billion-Dollar AI Board

Build Your Free AI Board of Directors with 8 Business Legends


What if you could ask Alex Hormozi about your pricing, Grant Cardone about your sales volume, and Gary Vee about your content strategy — all in the same conversation, for free?

That’s exactly what the Billion-Dollar AI Board gives you. It is a free Claude Skill that loads 8 of the most well-known business minds into one AI assistant. No subscription. No $2,000-a-month advisory fees. Just real frameworks from real experts, applied to your specific situation.

Below you will find everything you need to set it up in 2 minutes — even if you have never used a Claude Skill before.


What You’re Getting
You now have access to 8 business legends cloned into one Claude Skill:


Alex Hormozi – Offer Engineering & Pricing
Grant Cardone – 10X Sales & Volume Strategy
Seth Godin – Positioning & Marketing Philosophy
Gary Vee – Content Strategy & Personal Brand
Jordan Belfort – Sales Psychology & Closing
Russell Brunson – Funnels & Webinars
Dan Kennedy – High-Ticket Marketing
Tony Robbins – Peak Performance & Mindset

Important Note: Unlike ChatGPT custom GPTs, Claude Skills or Projects cannot be shared directly via links. That’s why this guide contains the exact instructions, training data, and setup process — it’s like getting the blueprint to build your own viral content system.


Two files included:

The interactive Claude Skill — billion_dollar_board_skill.md
Download both here: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1EMydbOpOrASfTD0KNxOEwOtv2mhfur-C/view?usp=sharing


Step 1: Upload the Skill to Claude
Requirements
A Claude account (free or Pro – both work!)
That’s it!

How to Upload
Go to claude.ai
Click on your profile icon (bottom left)
Click “Your Skills”
Click “+ Upload Skill”
Select the billion_dollar_board_skill.md file
Click “Upload”

✅ Done! The skill is now available to use.



Method 1: Call the Skill by Name (Easiest)
This is the simplest way to use the skill in any conversation.


How It Works
Just mention the skill name when asking your question:


Template: “Hey Claude, use my ‘billion-dollar-board’ skill to [your question]”


Examples
Example 1 — Offer Engineering:

 “Hey Claude, use my ‘billion-dollar-board’ skill to help me create a compelling offer for my B2B consulting service”


Example 2 — Sales Strategy:

 “Using the ‘billion-dollar-board’ skill, how do I handle the objection ‘I need to think about it’ in high-ticket sales?”


Example 3 — Content Strategy:

 “Can you use the ‘billion-dollar-board’ skill to build me a 30-day LinkedIn content plan?”


What Happens Next
Claude will:

Ask clarifying questions about your business
Route to the right expert(s) automatically
Apply their frameworks to your specific situation
Provide actionable recommendations

Pro Tip
You can ask follow-up questions in the same conversation:

“Now apply Jordan Belfort’s closing techniques to this”
“What would Alex Hormozi say about my pricing?”
“Give me Gary Vee’s content strategy for this”


Method 2: Use in a Claude Project (Always Active)
If you want the skill automatically available without mentioning it every time, upload it to a Project.


When to Use This Method
You want the skill always active in a dedicated workspace
You’re working on a specific business challenge over multiple sessions
You want to combine the skill with other project documents

How to Set It Up
Step 1: Create a New Project

Go to claude.ai
Click “Projects” in the left sidebar
Click “+ New Project”
Name it: “Business Strategy” (or whatever you prefer)
Click “Create Project”

Step 2: Upload the Skill to the Project

Inside your new project, click “+ Add Content”
Select “Upload Skill”
Choose the billion_dollar_board_skill.md file
Click “Upload”

✅ Done! The skill is now active in this Project.


Step 3: Start Using It

Now just ask questions naturally — no need to mention the skill name:

“How do I create a high-converting offer?”
“I’m getting low close rates, what should I change?”
“Build me a content strategy for LinkedIn”

Adding Other Documents to Your Project
You can upload additional context:

Your current offer/pitch deck
Your LinkedIn content examples
Your sales scripts
Your ICP/customer data
Claude will combine the skill’s frameworks with your specific context.



Example Conversations

Example 1: Improving Your Offer


You: Help me improve my offer. I’m selling a $15K consulting service to B2B founders but getting a lot of price resistance.


Claude: Before I help you with that, let me gather some context: What’s your business model? What specific problem does your $15K service solve? Who is your ideal customer profile (ICP)? What have you already tried to reduce price resistance? Once I understand your situation better, I’ll apply Alex Hormozi’s Value Equation and Grand Slam Offer frameworks...


Example 2: Scaling Outbound


You: I’m only sending 10 cold emails per day. How do I scale this?


Claude: Let me ask a few questions first: What’s your current revenue stage? What’s your reply rate on those 10 emails? Are you doing any follow-up sequences? What’s blocking you from sending more? Based on your answers, I’ll apply Grant Cardone’s 10X Rule and Sales Multiplication Process...


Example 3: Content Strategy


You: I want to post on LinkedIn daily but I’m running out of ideas. Help.


Claude: Let me understand your content situation: What topics/expertise do you want to be known for? Who is your target audience on LinkedIn? What type of content have you posted before that worked well? I’ll then use Gary Vee’s Content Pyramid and Jab Jab Right Hook frameworks...



Which Method Should You Use?
Use Method 1 (Call by Name) if:
You want to use the skill occasionally
You’re asking one-off questions
You don’t want to create a project

Use Method 2 (Upload to Project) if:
You’re working on a major business initiative
You want the skill always active
You’re combining it with other documents
You’re working on something over multiple sessions

Note: Both methods work great — choose what fits your workflow!



Tips for Getting the Best Results
1. Be Specific
❌ “Help me with marketing”
✅ “I need to create a lead magnet that attracts high-ticket B2B founders”

2. Provide Context
The more context you give, the better the advice:

Your business model
Your revenue stage
Your ICP
What you’ve already tried

3. Ask Follow-Up Questions
Don’t be afraid to dig deeper:

“Can you give me 3 examples of this?”
“How would I implement this in 30 days?”
“What would Alex Hormozi say about this approach?”

4. Use Multiple Experts
For complex challenges, ask for multiple perspectives:

 “Give me Seth Godin’s positioning advice AND Dan Kennedy’s high-ticket marketing approach for this situation”


5. Request Specific Formats
“Give me this as a step-by-step action plan”
“Create a 30-day implementation roadmap”
“Show me this as a table comparing options”


Troubleshooting
“I can’t upload the skill”
Make sure the file is .md format (not .txt)
The file should start with YAML frontmatter (--)
Try refreshing your browser and uploading again

“Claude isn’t using the skill”
Method 1: Make sure you mention the skill name: “use my ‘billion-dollar-board’ skill”
Method 2: Verify the skill is uploaded to your current Project

“The answers feel too generic”
Provide more specific context about your business
Answer Claude’s clarifying questions in detail
Ask follow-up questions to get more specific advice

“Which expert should I ask for?”
You don’t need to choose — just ask your question and Claude will route to the right expert(s) automatically. But if you want a specific expert’s perspective, just mention their name.



The Billion-Dollar AI Board | Free Claude Skill GuideCarousel Maker
     Carousel Maker




Prompt

You are a world-class viral content strategist who creates highly addictive carousel posts using psychology, storytelling, and curiosity loops.

Your goal is to turn any topic into a scroll-stopping, binge-worthy carousel that maximizes saves, shares, and comments.

CORE PRINCIPLE:

Every carousel must feel like a story unfolding — not just information.

Use curiosity gaps, emotional triggers, and open loops to keep the reader swiping.

CAROUSEL STRUCTURE:

Slide 1 – HOOK (Pattern Interrupt):
Create a bold, controversial, or curiosity-driven statement.

Make the reader feel: “Wait… what?”
Use tension, surprise, or a strong claim
5–10 words max
Slide 2 – REHOOK (Open Loop):
Add more intrigue without giving the answer.

Tease the outcome
Build curiosity gap
Make them NEED the next slide
Slide 3 – RELATABLE PAIN / STORY START:
Start a short story or relatable situation.

“Most people think…”
“I used to…”
“Everyone does this wrong…”
Slides 4–7 – VALUE (Story + Insights):
Deliver the main content through a narrative flow:

Break expectations
Reveal insights step-by-step
Each slide = 1 key idea
Keep sentences short and punchy
Mix storytelling + actionable value
Slide 8 – TURNING POINT (AHA MOMENT):
Reveal the key insight or shift in perspective.

Make it feel like a realization
This is the “save-worthy” moment
Slide 9 – ACTIONABLE TAKEAWAY:
Give clear, practical steps or advice

Make it easy to apply immediately
Slide 10 – CTA (Engagement Trigger):
Use a strong call-to-action:

“Comment ‘X’ and I’ll send it”
“Follow for more”
“Save this before it disappears”
PSYCHOLOGICAL TRIGGERS TO USE:

Curiosity gap
Pattern interrupt
Social proof tone
Fear of missing out (FOMO)
Contrarian ideas
Fast rewards (quick wins)
WRITING STYLE:

Short, sharp sentences
No fluff
Conversational, slightly dramatic tone
Write like you’re talking to one person
Every line should create momentum
OUTPUT FORMAT:

Clearly label: Slide 1, Slide 2, etc.
1–2 lines per slide max
Clean, ready-to-post format
No explanations
FINAL GOAL:

Make the reader swipe every slide, feel something, learn something valuable, and take action.Build This Now



On this page
2. Auto-plan every feature

Copy for AI

Share
Idea to SaaS
Plain-English walkthrough of the Build This Now pipeline: market discovery, auto-planning, 7-stage build, and 14 post-launch commands that keep your SaaS live.

Stop configuring. Start building.

SaaS builder templates with AI orchestration.

Get Build This Now
Published Apr 13, 2026
5 min read
Real Builds hub
You describe a SaaS idea in plain English. 18 AI agents research your market, plan every feature, build the code, test it, and ship it. Auth, payments, email, security, database. All production-ready. All in a weekend.

This post walks through exactly how that pipeline works, step by step.

The problem
Building a SaaS from scratch takes months. Not because the core idea is hard, but because of everything around it.

Authentication. Payment processing. Database security. Email delivery. Error monitoring. Background jobs. Every project needs them. None of them are the product you actually want to build. Most founders spend 60-80% of their time on this plumbing before writing a single line of product code.

Hiring a developer for an MVP can run five figures. No-code tools look great in demos, then break when you need real features. AI code generators give you snippets with no architecture, no security, and no path to production.

The idea
What if you had a full development team that already built all the plumbing, and you just had to describe the features you want?

That's Build This Now. A production codebase with 18 specialist AI agents that coordinate like a real team. You talk to the system in plain English. The agents handle database design, backend logic, frontend wiring, UI polish, and testing. Every feature goes through quality gates (type checking, linting, clean builds) before it ships.

One purchase. No subscriptions. Unlimited projects.

How it works
The pipeline has five steps. Each one builds on the last.

1. Discover your market
Before writing any code, six research agents go to work on your idea.

A Market Analyst finds real market size data with sources. A Competitor Hunter finds and verifies actual competitors (every URL checked). A Pricing Engineer reverse-engineers how competitors charge. A Tool Scout identifies the best APIs and services for your specific build. A Social Proof Finder finds real businesses already making money in your space. An SEO Researcher pulls keywords with real search volumes.

The output: seven documents covering your product, market, users, features, brand, tools, and UX patterns. This becomes the product bible that every other agent reads before building anything.

2. Auto-plan every feature
The system reads your discovery documents and generates a spec for every MVP feature. Each spec includes what the feature does from the user's perspective, the business logic and edge cases, database changes needed, API endpoints, and UI design notes.

Features are ordered so each one builds on the last. Auth before dashboard. Payments before billing page. The system handles dependency ordering automatically.

3. Build features through a 7-stage pipeline
This is where the agents do their work. Every single feature follows the same seven stages:

Plan the spec and scope.
Create database tables and security policies.
Build API endpoints and business logic.
Wire data to the frontend UI.
Polish components, spacing, and interactions.
Run click-through tests and API checks.
Quality Gate. Type checking, linting, and a clean build.
The Quality Gate is the enforcer. If the code doesn't pass types, lint, and build, it doesn't ship. No exceptions. The Build Fixer agent automatically resolves errors when they happen, so the pipeline rarely stalls.

Some features take 10 minutes. Some take an hour. The system handles the complexity.

4. Launch
After the MVP features are built, you deploy. The default setup uses Vercel (free tier available), but the codebase is standard Next.js. It runs anywhere Node.js runs.

5. Stay alive with 14 post-launch commands
Most tools disappear after launch. Build This Now doesn't.

Security commands (/security, /pentest, /audit) scan for vulnerabilities, run attack simulations, and check for outdated packages. Performance commands (/performance, /seo, /monitor) optimize speed, bundle size, and search rankings. Enhancement commands (/enhance, /spec, /design) let you keep adding features through the same agent pipeline. Maintenance commands (/emails, /sentry, /domain, /logo) handle lifecycle emails, error triage, and branding.

These run on schedule. Your app stays clean, safe, and fast without you babysitting it.

Why it matters
The gap between "I have an idea" and "I have a live product making money" used to be months and thousands of dollars. Build This Now compresses that to a weekend.

You still need to describe your features clearly. Your MVP should be focused (5-8 features is the sweet spot for a 48-hour build).

But the infrastructure, the security, the payments, the email system, the design system, the testing, the monitoring? That's handled. You get to focus on what actually makes your product different.

395+ hours of development work. Already done. Before you write your first feature description.

Posted by @speedy_devv

More in Real Builds
AI Cleans Itself
Three overnight Claude Code workflows that clean AI's own mess: slop-cleaner removes dead code, /heal repairs broken branches, /drift catches pattern drift.
Agent Swarm Orchestration
Four infrastructure layers that stop agent swarms from double-claiming tasks, drifting on field names, and collapsing under merge chaos.
GAN Loop
One agent generates, one tears it apart, they loop until the score stops improving. GAN Loop implementation with agent definitions and rubric templates.
AI Email Sequences
One Claude Code command builds 17 lifecycle emails across 6 sequences, wires Inngest behavioral triggers, and ships a branching email funnel ready to deploy.
AI Security Agents
Two Claude Code commands spin up eight security sub-agents: phase 1 scans SaaS logic for RLS gaps and auth bugs, phase 2 penetrates to confirm real exploits.
Autonomous AI Swarm
An autonomous Claude Code swarm: a 30-min trigger, an orchestrator, specialist sub-agents in worktrees, and five gates that ship overnight features safely.
Stop configuring. Start building.

SaaS builder templates with AI orchestration.

Get Build This Now1

Adnansleemlive's Claude Secret 

Codes

100 prompt shortcuts organized by category

Clean black-and-white edition

Core Writing & Style Artifacts & Creation Thinking & Reasoning

Learning & Mastery Analysis & Strategy Creative & Content

Coding & Technical Research & Deep Dives Power Commands

Hidden Modes

Each code below changes how Claude responds by forcing a specific mode, format, or reasoning 

pattern.2

Core Writing & Style

/ghost

Rewrites text so it's impossible to tell AI wrote it.

/mirror

Matches your exact writing style from a sample you give it.

/raw

Strips all formatting and gives a clean plain response.

/voice

Locks in a specific tone and keeps it the entire conversation.

/punch

Makes every sentence hit harder and more direct.

/flow

Restructures text so it reads smoother from start to finish.

/trim

Cuts the fluff without losing any meaning.

/hook

Rewrites the opening line to grab attention instantly.

/rephrase

Says the same thing in a completely different way.

/polish

Makes rough text sound professional without changing the meaning.3

Artifacts & Creation

ARTIFACTS

Generates a full interactive project you can use immediately.

/buildme

Creates a complete working app or tool from a description.

DASHBOARD

Builds a live data dashboard you can interact with.

PROTOTYPE

Generates a working prototype from just an idea.

CANVAS

Opens a visual workspace for designing layouts and diagrams.

/render

Turns a description into a visual output inside the chat.

BLUEPRINT

Creates a full project plan with files and structure.

WIREFRAME

Designs a basic layout for a website or app screen.

/livecode

Writes and runs code in real time so you can see it work.

GENERATOR

Builds a reusable tool that creates outputs on demand.4

Thinking & Reasoning

OODA

Analyzes a situation through observe, orient, decide, and act.

/deepthink

Forces Claude to reason through every layer before answering.

L99

Pushes the response to the highest possible level of depth.

CHAINLOGIC

Walks through each reasoning step so you can follow the logic.

/blindspots

Finds what you're missing that you didn't think to ask about.

OVERTHINK

Deliberately over-analyzes to catch details everyone else misses.

/unpack

Breaks a complex idea into every piece that makes it work.

INVERT

Solves the problem by thinking about it completely backwards.

/layered

Gives the answer at surface level, mid level, and expert level.

XRAY

Sees through the obvious answer to find what's really going on.5

Learning & Mastery

/teachme

Turns the response into a lesson instead of just an answer.

GAPFINDER

Identifies exactly what you don't know about a topic.

/eli5

Explains it so simply a five year old would get it.

MASTERCLASS

Teaches a topic like a world-class expert would.

/drill

Creates practice exercises so you actually learn it.

SPEEDRUN

Teaches you the fastest possible path to understanding something.

/mentor

Gives advice like a personal mentor who knows your situation.

LEVELUP

Figures out your current level and teaches you the next one.

CRASHCOURSE

Gives you everything you need to know in five minutes.

BOOTCAMP

Builds a full learning plan from beginner to advanced.6

Analysis & Strategy

/redteam

Tears your idea apart to find every weakness.

PARETO

Finds the 20% of actions that drive 80% of results.

/swot

Runs a full strengths, weaknesses, opportunities, threats analysis.

WARGAME

Simulates how competitors or opponents would respond.

/premortem

Imagines your plan already failed and figures out why.

LEVERAGE

Finds the one move you can make that changes everything else.

/audit

Reviews your work and flags every issue it can find.

BOTTLENECK

Identifies the one thing slowing everything down.

/scenario

Plays out multiple futures so you can plan for each one.

BLINDSPOT

Surfaces the risks and angles you haven't considered yet.7

Creative & Content

/viral

Rewrites content so it's optimized to get shared.

HOOKS10

Generates ten opening hooks for any topic.

/storysell

Turns a boring message into a story people want to read.

REMIX

Takes two unrelated ideas and smashes them into something new.

/angles

Gives you ten completely different ways to approach one topic.

CLIFFHANGER

Writes an ending that makes people desperate for more.

/captionme

Writes social media captions that actually get engagement.

POLARIZE

Makes your take bold enough that people have to respond.

/banger

Turns a flat line into something people screenshot and share.

THUMBNAIL

Writes a title or headline designed to get clicks.8

Coding & Technical

/debug

Finds the bug in your code and explains what went wrong.

REFACTOR

Cleans up messy code without changing what it does.

/shipit

Takes rough code and makes it production ready.

ARCHITECT

Designs the full system structure before writing any code.

/convert

Rewrites code from one language into another.

AUTOMATE

Turns a manual process into a script that runs itself.

/testit

Writes tests for your code so you know it actually works.

SCAFFOLD

Sets up the entire file structure for a new project.

/optimize

Makes code faster without breaking anything.

APIBUILD

Creates a full API from a plain English description.9

Research & Deep Dives

/deepdive

Goes far beyond the surface on any topic.

FACTCHECK

Verifies claims and flags anything that might be wrong.

/sources

Backs up every statement with where the information came from.

COMPARE

Puts two or more options side by side with a clear winner.

/investigate

Researches a topic like a journalist chasing a story.

TRENDSCAN

Identifies what's happening right now in any space.

/extract

Pulls the exact information you need from a long document.

TIMELINE

Maps out the full history of a topic in order.

/digest

Reads everything and gives you only what matters.

DOSSIER

Compiles a full briefing on any topic, person, or company.10

Power Commands

/godmode

Unlocks the most detailed and comprehensive response possible.

/autoprompt

Takes your rough idea and builds the perfect prompt for it.

MEGAPROMPT

Generates a long detailed prompt that gets exactly what you want.

/chain

Runs multiple prompts in sequence, each building on the last.

/system

Writes a custom system prompt that changes how Claude behaves.

PERSONA

Makes Claude respond as a specific type of expert.

/memory

Tells Claude to remember specific details for the whole conversation.

CONTEXT

Loads background information so every response is more relevant.

/rolelock

Locks Claude into a specific character for the rest of the chat.

PROMPTFIX

Takes a bad prompt and rewrites it so it actually works.11

Hidden Modes

/nofilter

Gives the most direct and unfiltered honest opinion possible.

BEASTMODE

Pushes the output quality to the absolute maximum.

/therapist

Talks through a situation with you like a trained therapist would.

CEOMODE

Responds like a CEO making high-stakes business decisions.

/negotiate

Writes a negotiation script designed to get you the best deal.

FOUNDER

Gives startup and business advice from a founder's perspective.

/closer

Writes sales copy or messages designed to close the deal.

OPERATOR

Handles a task end to end without needing more input.

/unlocked

Removes the default caution and gives the real answer.

SENTINEL

Reviews everything for errors, risks, and missed details.TikTok AI System — Install Guide

Go from zero to generating viral TikTok concepts in 15 minutes

Created April 21, 2026 · By Oleg Melnikov · oleg.ae

This guide walks you through installing and running the TikTok AI system I built with Claude Code. It tracks

your competitors' best-performing videos, analyzes what's working, and generates video concepts and

scripts for you.

WHAT YOU'LL NEED

A laptop. A Claude Pro or Max subscription ($20–100/month). API keys for Apify, Gemini, and Anthropic (all

have free tiers). That's it.

Part 1 — Install the Tools (5 min)

1. Install VS Code

2. Install Claude Code

3. Install Node.js

– Go to code.visualstudio.com and click Download

– Open the installer, follow the prompts

– Launch it once so it's ready

– Go to claude.com/claude-code and follow the install instructions for your OS

– You need a Claude Pro ($20/mo) or Max ($100/mo) subscription

– Inside VS Code, open the terminal ( View → Terminal or Ctrl+` )

– Type claude and hit enter — sign in when prompted

– Go to nodejs.org, download the LTS version, run the installer

– This lets the web app run on your machine

4/21/26, 10:11 PM TikTok AI System — Install Guide

file:///Users/olegmelnikov/Desktop/Software%20Projects/oleeeg/outputs/2026-04-21-tiktok-ai-install-guide.html 1/3Skip to content
Navigation Menu
Sign in
melnikoff-oleg
/
AI-cold-outreach
Public
Code
Issues
Pull requests
Actions
Projects
Security and quality
melnikoff-oleg/AI-cold-outreach
Name		
Oleg MelnikovOleg Melnikov
Oleg Melnikov
and
Oleg Melnikov
clean up the notebook
554b41d
 · 
2 years ago
api_cache
removed client side cache warning
2 years ago
user_data
add YC cold outreach prompt, improve 3 templates
2 years ago
.dockerignore
add Docker
2 years ago
.gitignore
refactor the app into separate components
2 years ago
Dockerfile
fix docker deploy code
2 years ago
README.md
added documentation
2 years ago
app.py
add more instructions
2 years ago
cold_outreach_lection.txt
add YC cold outreach prompt, improve 3 templates
2 years ago
playbook.ipynb
clean up the notebook
2 years ago
prompts.txt
better frontend, also fixed some backend logic for regeneration
2 years ago
requirements.txt
added streamlit cookies lib to requirements
2 years ago
Repository files navigation
README
🚀 AI System for Cold Outreach
🌐 Live Website: https://evolva.ai/cold-outreach/

Welcome to the AI cold outreach assistant! This tool helps you craft personalized cold messages for LinkedIn leads using AI. Simply input a LinkedIn URL, your outreach goal, and any specific instructions or example messages, and the tool will generate tailored cold outreach options. Perfect for recruiters, B2B sales teams, startup founders, and any other cold outreacher! 🎯

💡 How it Works
Provide a LinkedIn URL for the lead.
Input your outreach goal and instructions.
Add example messages for reference.
AI processes it all and gives you message options!
🔧 Tech Stack
Streamlit for the web interface
OpenAI API for message generation
Proxycurl for LinkedIn data parsing
Docker for containerization
AWS for deployment
🚀 Quickstart Guide
1. Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/melnikoff-oleg/AI-cold-outreach.git 
cd AI-cold-outreach
2. Add environment variables:
You'll need tokens for OpenAI and Proxycurl (paid, from Proxycurl).

export OPENAI_TOKEN=your_openai_token
export PROXYCURL_TOKEN=your_proxycurl_token
3. Install dependencies:
Create a virtual environment and install required packages:

python3 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
4. Deploy the App:
Without Docker:

streamlit run app.py --server.port=8501 --client.showErrorDetails=false
With Docker:

docker build -t my-python-app .
docker run \
  --env-file .env \
  -p 8501:8501 \
  -v $(pwd)/api_cache:/app/api_cache \
  -v $(pwd)/user_data:/app/user_data \
  my-python-app
🗂️ File Structure
Dockerfile: Docker setup
app.py: Main application script
api_cache/ & user_data/: Caching and data storage for efficiency
cold_outreach_lection.txt: Instructions for cold outreach
prompts.txt: AI prompts used by the app
playbook.ipynb: Jupyter Notebook playbook
requirements.txt: Python dependencies
🧑‍🏫 Templates for Outreach
We’ve included templates for:

Recruiters: To reach out to potential job candidates.
B2B Sales: To contact potential clients.
Startup Founders: For customer development outreach.
About
This tool generates a personalised message for cold outreach, based on a LinkedIn profile of a lead.

Resources
 Readme
 Activity
Stars
 3 stars
Watchers
 1 watching
Forks
 1 fork
Report repository
Releases
No releases published
Packages
No packages published
Contributors
1
@melnikoff-oleg
melnikoff-oleg Oleg Melnikov
Languages
Jupyter Notebook
80.1%
 
Python
19.3%
 
Dockerfile
0.6%
Footer
© 2026 GitHub, Inc.
Footer navigation
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Community
Docs
Contact
Manage cookies
Do not share my personal information
Claude Code Prompt - YouTube Niche Analysis

Copy everything below this line, paste it into Claude Code, and replace the competitor list and your channel handle with your own.

---

I want you to build a complete YouTube niche analysis system. Here's what I need:

My competitors (replace with your own):
- @channel1
- @channel2
- @channel3
- @channel4
- @channel5
- @channel6
- @channel7
- @channel8
(add as many as you want, 8-15 is ideal)

My own channel: @my_channel_handle

What to do:

Phase 1: Scrape all competitor videos

For EACH competitor channel, one at a time (never batch multiple channels in one call):

Use the Apify YouTube Channel Scraper (actor ID: 67Q6fmd8iedTVcCwY).

API call: POST https://api.apify.com/v2/acts/67Q6fmd8iedTVcCwY/runs?token=$APIFY_API_KEY&waitForFinish=120

Request body: {"startUrls": [{"url": "https://www.youtube.com/@handle"}], "maxResults": 50, "maxResultsShorts": 0}

Save each channel's results to a separate JSON file in a folder called "raw-data".

Important: Only scrape ONE channel per API call. Never put multiple channels in startUrls. The maxResults limit is shared across all channels, so batching gives you incomplete data that looks correct but is wrong.

Also scrape my own channel the same way.


Phase 2: Find outlier videos

For each channel, detect outlier videos using local median comparison:

For each video, look at the 5 videos before and 5 videos after it by upload date. Calculate the median views of those 10 neighbors. If the video got 2x or more views than that local median, it's an outlier.

This method is important because it accounts for channel growth over time. A video with 5,000 views is an outlier if the channel was averaging 2,000 at that time, even if the channel now averages 50,000.

Save the outlier analysis as a JSON file per channel.


Phase 3: Classify all videos

Classify each video by:

Topic: What is the video about? Examples: "Claude Code", "n8n", "AI automation", "vibe coding", "personal brand", "AI agents", "content creation", "freelancing", etc. Use whatever topics fit the niche.

Title pattern: What kind of title is it? Examples: "tutorial", "listicle", "personal story", "hype/contrarian", "tool review", "case study", "challenge/experiment", "comprehensive course", etc.

Format: What type of video is it? Tutorial, course, reaction, vlog, review, or other.

Save all classifications to a JSON file.


Phase 4: Get transcripts of top outliers

For the top 15-20 outlier videos (the ones with the highest outlier ratio across all channels):

Use the Apify YouTube Transcript Scraper (actor ID: faVsWy9VTSNVIhWpR).

API call: POST https://api.apify.com/v2/acts/faVsWy9VTSNVIhWpR/runs?token=$APIFY_API_KEY&waitForFinish=60

Request body: {"videoUrl": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VIDEO_ID"}

Extract the first 500 words of each transcript. This is the hook and intro, which is the most valuable part to study.

Save all transcripts to a "transcripts" folder.


Phase 5: Deep channel analysis

For each competitor channel, write a detailed analysis covering:

1. Content formula: What's their repeating pattern? What do they keep coming back to?

2. What works: Specific titles, formats, and topics that consistently outperform their average. Include concrete examples with view counts.

3. What doesn't work: Content that underperforms their average. What topics or formats fall flat?

4. Audience needs: What problems does this creator solve for their viewers? What do people come to this channel for?

5. Unique angle: What sets this creator apart from everyone else in the niche?

6. Evolution: How has their content changed over the last 12 months? Are they shifting topics, formats, or style?

Save the deep analysis as a JSON file.


Phase 6: Analyze my channel

Do the same full analysis on my channel. Then compare my performance to competitors:

What am I doing that works? Which of my videos outperform and why?
What am I missing that competitors are crushing?
Where's the gap between my content and what the audience clearly wants?
What could I start doing tomorrow based on what the data shows?


Phase 7: Generate the HTML report

Create a clean, professional HTML report and save it as niche-analysis-report.html. Include these sections:

1. Executive summary: The key findings in 3-4 sentences. What's the single most important insight?

2. Numbers at a glance: Total videos analyzed, outliers found, channels studied, transcripts read. Show these as big numbers at the top.

3. Actionable tips: The top 10-15 specific things I should do, scored using the ICE framework. Impact (1-10): how much will this move the needle? Confidence (1-10): how sure are we this will work based on the data? Ease (1-10): how easy is this to implement? Sort by total ICE score, highest first. Each tip should have a clear action, the reasoning from the data, and specific examples.

4. Topic performance: Which topics produce the most outliers? Show as a table with topic name, number of videos, number of outliers, outlier rate, and average views.

5. Title pattern analysis: Which title formats get the most views? Same table format.

6. Top 30 outlier videos: The best-performing videos across all competitors with title, channel, view count, outlier ratio, and link.

7. Thumbnail patterns: What do the top-performing thumbnails have in common? Analyze colors, text, faces, composition.

8. Hook analysis: From the transcripts, what do the top videos say in the first 30 seconds? What patterns emerge in how they open?

9. Per-channel deep dives: Theشوف ده كده ممكن يفهمك اكتر وعايزك تديني اولا الاوامر والسكيلز اللي اثبتها الخ قبل ما تديني اي برومبت

 كلمه.  محمد اسامة ‫Gem مخصَّص بناء وكالة الشخص الواحد (One-Person Agency) باستخدام الذكاء الاصطناعي - الدليل التنفيذي الشامل نظرة عامة فهمت طلبك يا معاذ. إنت جايب لي فيديو دسم جداً لـ Ryan Stewart وشريكه David، بيتكلموا فيه عن أعمق تحول بيحصل دلوقتي في عالم الـ Service-Based Businesses والوكالات. إنت طلبت شرح تفصيلي وعميق جداً لكل ما ورد في الفيديو وتطبيقه على شغلنا في الـ Content Distribution Agency (CDA).  بص يا معاذ، خلينا نتكلم بيزنس وعملي، بدون حشو نظري وبدون كلام التنمية البشرية. الفكرة من الفيديو مش إنك ترفد فريقك، الفكرة إننا داخلين على مرحلة "دمج الوظائف" (Mass Consolidation). بدل ما الوكالة بتحتاج 10 أشخاص عشان تدير 20 عميل في الـ Repurposing والـ Distribution، إنت هتقدر بـ AI Workflows (لو مبنية صح) تدير ده كله بـ 2 بس.  هفكك لك الفيديو ده بالكامل، نقطة بنقطة، من أول الدقيقة صفر لحد نهاية جلسة الأسئلة، وهحوله لك لـ SOPs و Action Items صارمة تتنفذ في وكالتك (Fluxa Media).  1. عقلية "وكالة الشخص الواحد" (The One-Person Agency) والوضع الحالي للـ AI فك شفرة التريند والتخويف (Fear-mongering vs. Opportunity) في بداية الفيديو، ريان اتكلم عن اللي بيحصل على TikTok و YouTube؛ صناع المحتوى بيبيعوا الخوف: "باقي سنتين ووظيفتك هتنتهي"، "الذكاء الاصطناعي هياخد كل حاجة". ريان (وأنا بتفق معاه 100%) شايف إن ده أكبر فرصة في تاريخ الوكالات الصغيرة (Solopreneurs). الموضوع مش إنك هتعيش في الغابة كمان سنتين، الموضوع إن التسويق هو أكتر صناعة هتتأثر بالـ AI لأن الشغل فيها مبني على "Workflows" واضحة ومكررة.  منحنى التعلم القاسي (The Learning Curve) الـ AI مش زرار سحري. ريان ذكر صراحة: "لازم تحط مجهود جبار قبل ما الموضوع يبقى سهل". عشان تبني أتمتة قوية، إنت محتاج تتعلم إزاي تعيد بناء الـ Workflows بتاعتك جوه المنصات دي. إنت محتاج تتعلم مصطلحات جديدة زي MCP وتتعلم إزاي تتواصل مع الأداة (Prompt Engineering).  الجدول الزمني للتحول (The Timeline of Agency Roll-up) المرحلة الحالية (الآن - سنة): الاستغناء عن الـ VAs (المساعدين الافتراضيين) والمسوقين المبتدئين. أي شغل روتيني بيتعمل دلوقتي بـ Workflow Automation.  الموجة القادمة: نهاية "الوكالات العامة" (Generalist Agencies) اللي بتعمل كل حاجة لكل الناس. التخصص (Niche) هيبقى إجباري.  بعد 3-5 سنوات (The Specialist Moat): هتبدأ تبيع للعميل بناءً على الـ "Agent Stack" بتاعك. العميل هيسألك: "الوكالة التانية بتستخدم نفس الـ AI، إيه اللي يميزك؟" الرد هيكون: "أنا الـ AI بتاعي متدرب على First-party data حقيقية لنيش محدد، وعندي SOPs خاصة بيا بتطلع نتايج مخصصة".  2. أتمتة وتخصيص عروض الأسعار (Hyper-Customized Proposals) دي من أقوى الـ Case Studies اللي اتعرضت. ريان شرح إن بناء Proposal محترم لـ Facebook Ads كان بياخد منه 15-20 ساعة عمل. ولما جابوا خبيرة SEO (Annette) كانت بتاخد 8-10 ساعات في كل Proposal للـ SEO. المشكلة إن رغم الوقت ده كله، الـ Proposal كان بيبقى (Template) ثابت ومفيش وقت لتخصيصه لكل عميل.  كيف حلوها باستخدام Claude Co-work؟  بناء نظام الهوية البصرية أولاً (Brand Guidelines): ريان استثمر ساعتين لـ 3 ساعات عشان يبني ملف HTML بيحتوي على كل أكواد الألوان، الخطوط، وشكل الهوية البصرية لوكالته. الملف ده بيترفع على Claude عشان يضمن إن أي Proposal يطلع، يكون بنفس شكل وتصميم الشركة (Design System).  استخدام تفريغ المكالمات (Transcripts): ريان بيسجل مكالمة الاستكشاف (Discovery Call) على Zoom. ياخد الـ Transcript ويرميه لـ Claude عبر ميزة Co-work.  الـ Prompt المستخدم: بيطلب من Claude: "بناءً على تفريغ المكالمة دي، عدّل الـ Executive Summary، حط الـ Ad Spend المتوقع، ضيف الـ Case Studies المناسبة للمحامي ده". في 5 دقايق، بيطلع Proposal مخصص بالكامل (Customized).  Code Block 1: SOP لإنشاء Proposals وكالة CDA Markdown # SOP: Fluxa Media Automated Pitch Deck Generator  ## 1. التجهيز المسبق (One-time Setup) - قم بإنشاء ملف `Brand_Guidelines.html` يحتوي على أكواد ألوان وكالتك، ونوع الخط المستخدم. - جهز هيكل الـ Proposal المعتاد (الخدمة، طريقة العمل 6-9 حسابات، الأسعار).  ## 2. سير العمل بعد كل مكالمة مبيعات (Post-Call Workflow) - **الخطوة 1:** حمّل تفريغ (Transcript) المكالمة من Zoom. - **الخطوة 2:** افتح Claude (ميزة Projects أو Co-work). - **الخطوة 3:** ارفع ملف الـ Transcript وقم بتشغيل الـ Prompt التالي (يفضل بالصوت عبر Whisper Flow لسرعة الإنجاز):      "You are Mohamed Osama, an expert closer for Fluxa Media. Review the attached Zoom transcript with the prospect. Rewrite our standard Pitch Deck to directly address their specific pain points.    - Slide 1: Executive Summary acknowledging their current follower count and goal.   - Slide 2: The Action Plan (Repurposing their podcasts into 30 clips/month across 6 accounts).   - Slide 3: Projected ROI based on our pricing tier.   Apply our brand guidelines attached. Generate the final output."  - **الخطوة 4:** مراجعة بشرية سريعة (5 دقائق)، ثم الإرسال. ما كان يأخذ 10 ساعات، تم إنجازه في 10 دقائق. 3. التحليل الفني العميق والتنبؤ (SEO & Projection Forecasting) العميل بيزهق من العروض التقليدية. ريان شرح إزاي قدر يبهر عميل ويقفل معاه ديل (Close on the spot) من خلال إعطائه توقعات مبنية على الأرقام.  بدل ما يبعت ملف وورد فيه Scope of Work، استخدم Claude عشان يحلل المنافسين، ويحسب الـ Conversion Rate الخاص بالعميل، ويطلع بـ Forecasting لـ 24 شهر. العميل شاف أرقام زي: "بعد سنة هنجيب لك X زيارات، Y تقييمات، Z حالات محاماة ناجحة".  في مجال الـ CDA نقدر نطبق ده بالمللي: بدل ما تقول للعميل "هنعملك فيديوهات"، خليه يشوف Projection مبني على الـ Analytics.  4. الثورة التقنية: MCP Servers وأتمتة הـ WQA (Website Quality Audit) دي أعمق حتة تقنية في الفيديو. الـ WQA ده تقرير معقد جداً، عشان تعمله يدوياً محتاج تسحب داتا من Google Analytics و Google Search Console و Ahrefs وتقاطع البيانات دي وتصنف الصفحات وتاخد أكشن على كل صفحة (حذف، تحديث، دمج).  ديفيد شرح إزاي حولوا ده لـ Automation كامل باستخدام MCP (Model Context Protocol).  ما هو الـ MCP وليه هو مهم؟ لو أديت Claude ملايين البيانات عشان يحللها مرة واحدة، هيستهلك مساحة الذاكرة (Context Window) وممكن يبدأ يكتب معلومات غلط (Hallucinations). الحل هو الـ MCP: - الـ MCP هو "خادم" أو كود بيشتغل بره Claude. وظيفته يعمل المهام اللي بتحتاج "يقين" (Deterministic Code) زي إنه يتصل بـ APIs بتاعت Ahrefs أو أداة زي Windsor لجلب بيانات Analytics.  يخزن البيانات المنظمة في جهازك المحلي.  وبعدين Claude يتدخل في خطوة واحدة فقط: التحليل واتخاذ القرار (Reasoning).  النتيجة؟ تقرير شامل بيطلع في ثواني بتصنيف كل صفحة والأكشن المطلوب فيها، وبيتعرض على شكل Web UI أو شيت منظم (كما عرض ريان في الفيديو، حيث كانت الواجهة بخلفية فاتحة بدلاً من الداكنة لتسهيل القراءة).  Code Block 2: هيكلة نظام MCP لإدارة حسابات CDA Markdown # Infrastructure: CDA Account Management via MCP   ## المشكلة:  متابعة الأداء لـ 6-9 حسابات لكل عميل أمر مرهق ومكلف برمجياً لو تم يدوياً.  ## الـ Workflow المقترح (System Architecture): 1. **Data Fetching Layer (الطبقة الحتمية عبر الـ APIs):**    - قم بإعداد أداة سحب بيانات (مثل Make.com أو سكريبت بايثون محلي) للاتصال بـ APIs (TikTok, IG Reels, YouTube Analytics).    - سحب مؤشرات الأداء الحقيقية: (Views, Retention Rate, Engagement).    - تخزين هذه البيانات محلياً لتجنب استهلاك الـ Claude Context Window.  2. **Reasoning Layer (طبقة التحليل عبر Claude):**    - تمرير البيانات المبسطة إلى Claude.    - تزويد Claude بالـ SOP الخاص بـ "الـ 120 عامل في خوارزميات TikTok".    - مطالبة Claude بإخراج تقرير ينص على: "الفيديو A فشل بسبب انخفاض الـ Retention في أول 3 ثواني، الفيديو B حقق نجاح يجب إعادة إنتاجه".  3. **Action Output:**    - لوحة تحكم (UI) تعرض للعميل الأداء الحقيقي وما سيتم تحسينه الشهر القادم، وتنجز التقرير الشهري في دقائق بدلاً من أيام. 5. القواعد الخمس الذهبية لبناء وكالة المستقبل (كما لخصها ريان) ريان ختم نصائحه بـ 5 مبادئ لازم تمشي عليها عشان تنجح في عصر الـ AI:  أ. التخصص الرأسي الصارم (Vertical Specialization) فكك من الشغل مع أي حد وكل حد. ريان اختار مكاتب المحاماة (Law Firms). السبب البيزنس: الـ AI بيشتغل بالداتا. لو دربت الـ Agent بتاعك على بيانات شركات محاماة، هيبقى عبقري في المجال ده. لو دربته على كل المجالات، هيطلع محتوى سطحي (Garbage). في الـ CDA، تخصص مثلاً في "المدربين والمستشارين الأوروبيين" وخلي الأداة بتاعتك تدرسهم وتحفظهم.  ب. التوثيق المهووس للعمليات (Document Processes Obsessively) لو مفيش SOPs مكتوبة، مفيش AI هيعرف يشتغل. ريان قال إن سر نجاح وكالته هو إن عندهم Slack Channels لكل صغيرة وكبيرة، وكل حاجة موثقة. إنت كمان يا معاذ لازم توثق (إزاي بتجيب الكليبات، إزاي بتكتب الـ Hooks، إزاي بتتجنب الـ Shadowban زي ما اتكلمنا في الملفات اللي رفعتها لي قبل كده).  ج. ابدأ في بناء הـ "Agency Stack" بتاعك فوراً (Now, Not Later) في البداية الموضوع هياخد وقت طويل. الموظفة (Annette) قعدت حوالي 40 لـ 50 ساعة تجهز الـ Workflow الأولاني، وكانت محبطة لأنها كان ممكن تخلص 5 Proposals في الوقت ده. لكن النتيجة؟ الـ Proposal دلوقتي بياخد منها 30 دقيقة بس! الوجع في البداية هيوفر لك سنين قدام.  د. تعلم إتقان أدوات الذكاء الاصطناعي (Master AI Tools) الـ Tool Landscape بيتغير:  ChatGPT: للأسئلة اليومية والأبحاث العادية.  Gemini: للإبداع والفيديوهات.  Claude: هو الملك في بناء الـ Workflows وتنفيذ العمليات التشغيلية، وعشان كده ريان وديفيد بيبنوا كل برامجهم وتدريباتهم عليه. استخدم Whisper Flow للأوامر الصوتية السريعة.  هـ. صغّر فريقك وزد هوامش ربحك (Shrink Team, Expand Margins) لو محتاج شخص عشان يعمل Data Entry أو Data Scraping، أو يعمل تقارير للعملاء.. لا تعينه! قم ببناء Agent يقوم بهذه المهمة. تكلفة الموظف عالية وفيها أخطاء، بينما الـ Agent يعمل بكفاءة ودقة وبتكلفة شبه معدومة.  6. مستقبل أدوات الـ SaaS (رؤية محمد أسامة بناءً على الفيديو) في فقرة الأسئلة والإجابات، حد سأل ريان عن أدوات زي Search Atlas و Semrush. ريان قال كلام في الجون:  أي أداة SaaS كانت عبارة عن مجرد "واجهة مستخدم" (UI Layer) بتعمل أتمتة بسيطة لخطوات، هتموت وتنقرض. لأن Claude بالـ MCP يقدر يبني الواجهة دي والـ Workflow ده ببلاش.  الأدوات اللي هتعيش هي اللي بتمتلك بيانات حصرية (Proprietary Data) زي Ahrefs أو Semrush، لأن عندهم الـ Crawlers اللي بتجيب الداتا، إنت مش هتدخل على الموقع بتاعهم أساساً، إنت هتسحب الداتا عبر הـ API وتخلي Claude هو اللي يحللها.  حتى Google Analytics، রيان قال إنه بيتمنى ميدخلش الواجهة بتاعته تاني أبداً، وهيستخدم الـ APIs بس!  הـ Action Items التنفيذية لـ Fluxa Media (دورك يا معاذ) الكلام ده كله ملوش لازمة لو مطبقناش على الوكالة بتاعتك. دي الخطوات اللي لازم تبدأ فيها من بكرة الصبح:  أوقف التعيينات التشغيلية العشوائية: أي مهمة يمكن أتمتتها (تفصيل الإيميلات - Cold Emails، جلب التقارير، إعداد عقود العملاء Onboarding) يجب تحويلها لـ Claude Workflow.  بناء نظام Outreach مخصص ومدمر باستخدام Claude: بدل ما تبعت إيميلات Generic مبتتقريش، هنبني Workflow.  Code Block 3: إعداد نظام Outreach أوتوماتيكي بـ Claude Markdown # SOP: Fluxa Media AI-Driven Outreach   ## التجهيز (Setup): 1. قم بجمع قائمة הـ Leads (أصحاب بودكاست ومدربين) في Google Sheet. 2. استخدم أداة Data Fetching بسيطة لسحب بيانات آخر فيديو لكل Lead (عنوان الفيديو ووصفه). 3. اربط هذه البيانات بـ Claude عبر أداة مثل Make.com (أو أدخلها في شكل Batch في Claude Projects).  ## الـ Prompt السري (System Prompt): "You are an elite Closer for Fluxa Media, a top-tier Content Distribution Agency.  Review this Lead's info: [إدراج بيانات الـ Lead]. Write a hyper-personalized Cold Email.  - Ice Breaker: Start by referencing their specific video [اسم الفيديو] in 1 sentence. - The Problem: Highlight that their great content is underutilized. - The Solution: Pitch our OmniBrand Expansion System (100M views/6 months, managing 6-9 accounts). - The CTA: Ask for a quick 10-minute sync. Rule: Be direct, aggressive yet professional, NO corporate jargon, NO fluff. Keep it under 120 words."  ## النتيجة: - Claude سيقوم بكتابة مئات الإيميلات المخصصة (Hyper-Personalized) في دقائق. - معدلات الفتح والرد (Conversion Rates) ستتضاعف لأن العميل سيشعر أنك درست محتواه شخصياً. تبني عقلية הـ "Systems Builder": إنت مش مجرد شخص بيعمل مونتاج (Editor). إنت المهندس اللي بيبني النظام. استثمر 30 ساعة الأسبوع ده في كتابة كل الـ SOPs بتاعتك من لحظة دخول العميل (Onboarding) لحد تسليم التقارير. ارفعها لـ Claude كـ "Skills" أو "Projects"، وابدأ خلي الـ AI يدير الشغل بالنيابة عنك.  الخلاصة (The Final Verdict) اللي ريان وديفيد بيعملوه في برنامج "One-Person Agency" هو ده بالظبط اللي أنا، محمد أسامة، بكلمك فيه طول الوقت بخصوص الـ Service-Based Businesses.  سيبك من السبوبة والـ Drop Servicing الضعيف. البيزنس الحقيقي هو أنظمة، SOPs، وتوظيف التكنولوجيا لتقليل النفقات وزيادة الـ Margins. الـ AI هنا عشان يخليك CEO حقيقي لوكالة بتدخل 50,000$ شهرياً وإنت شغال 4 ساعات في اليوم لإن النظام شغال وراك.  ها يا معاذ، بعد ما فككنا لك الفيديو بالكامل وحولناه لأكشن.. قولي، إيه أول Workflow هنبدأ نبنيه ونعمله Automation مع بعض دلوقتي؟ הـ Sales ولا الـ Operations؟  Building A "One Person Agency" Using Claude AI Ryan Stewart · 3.8 ألف عدد المشاهداتطب اني بعتت سكيلز اللي هي زي دي كده
n8n-workflow-explainer
Text
N8n-Workflow-Content-Skill.zip
URL
tella.tv/vid…l-5vex
How to Use the N8n Workflow Explainer Skill
What This Skill Does
It takes your n8n workflow summaries (which you upload into the skill), picks the one you choose, reads the full workflow logic, and writes a step-by-step breakdown formatted for LinkedIn posts, Instagram carousels, or Instagram feed posts.
It's a content generation tool for technical workflows — not a workflow builder.
Step 1: Install the Skill
Download the skill .zip file from the provided link
Do not unzip it
In Claude, go to Customize → Skills
Click the + icon → Upload a Skill
Upload the .zip file as-is
Done
Step 2: Add Your Workflow Summaries to the Skill
Before using the skill, your n8n workflow summaries must be inside the skill file. These are pre-uploaded descriptions of each workflow you want to turn into content.
The skill comes with example workflows already inside. To add your own, include them in the skill folder before uploading.
Step 3: Invoke the Skill
Type the skill name or ask anything about workflow content creation. Claude triggers the skill automatically.
The skill lists all available workflows inside it. Example: if you have 2 workflows uploaded, it shows both. You pick one.
Step 4: Answer 2 Quick Questions
Question 1: Who is your target ICP?
Name the exact person you're writing for. Example: CMOs at SaaS companies
Question 2: Any specific numbers, context, or details to include?
Add real data — campaign results, time saved, client outcomes. If you have nothing to add, type "na" and move on.
Step 5: Receive the Draft
Claude reads the full workflow file for your chosen workflow and outputs a complete step-by-step breakdown structured for social content:
Each step of the workflow explained in plain language
Formatted for LinkedIn post or Instagram carousel/feed
Written for the ICP you specified
Step 6: Edit the Draft — 3 Things You Can Change
The skill flags this at the end of the draft itself. Three levers:
1. Change the angle
The default angle is the workflow itself. You can reframe it. Example: "Replace the VA angle with: I run this before every outbound campaign"
2. Hit a specific pain point
If you want to lead with a particular problem your ICP has, tell Claude exactly which pain point to center the post around.
3. Change the desired outcome
What should the reader walk away believing or doing? Change this if the default doesn't match your goal for the post.
The Core Rule
The output quality depends entirely on the quality of the workflow summaries you put inside the skill. Vague workflow descriptions = vague step-by-step content. Detailed workflow summaries with real logic = content that actually teaches something.
"offer-architecture-framework
How to Use the Offer Clarity Framework Skill
Build a solid, specific offer you can actually use in cold outreach and content
What is this skill and why does it exist?
Most offers are vague. "We help companies grow revenue." "We build systems that save time." These mean nothing to a prospect, and they definitely won't convert in a cold email.
The Offer Clarity Framework skill forces you to think through your offer at a structural level — who it's for, what exact problem it solves, what the outcome looks like, and what objections will kill the deal. The output is a full offer document you can use as the foundation for cold email copy, LinkedIn content, sales calls, or your website positioning.
This is not a one-click magic output. You feed it real inputs, Claude asks follow-up questions, and then you push back, iterate, and make the output sharper. That's the process.
Before You Start
If you've already used the ICP Problem Desire Finder skill, pull up that output document. This skill takes your ICP psychographic details as one of its inputs. If you haven't run the Desire Finder yet, you can still proceed — but your output will be less sharp. The two skills work best together.
Step 1: Install the Skill
Open Claude. Click the button below the search icon → Customize → Skills → click the + icon → Upload a skill.
Download the zip file from the provided Google Drive link. Drag and drop the zip file into the upload screen. Don't unzip it — just double-click the zip file directly and Claude will handle the rest. The skill installs automatically.
To use it in any conversation, just type: "Start the Offer Clarity Framework skill." That's all it needs.
Step 2: Prepare Your Four Inputs
The skill needs four blocks of information from you. The more specific you are here, the better the output. Vague inputs will get you vague outputs, and Claude will stop and ask clarifying questions before it proceeds — by design.
1. ICP Psychographic Details
Upload or paste your ICP psychographic document (from the Desire Finder skill). This covers your target audience's daily problems, frustrations, desired outcomes, and psychological motivations.
2. Demographic Details
Write out:
Job title (e.g., CMO)
Industry (e.g., AI cold email automation — companies like Smartlead, Instantly, Apollo)
Company size and revenue range
Location / countries
Seniority level (C-suite, VP, Director, Head of, etc.)
3. Your Business Details
Tell Claude about your own company:
Company name
What you do
How long you've been operating
Case studies, proof points, client results
Team size and capabilities
4. Your Product and Offer Details
Be specific here:
Exact deliverables
Timeline
Pricing
What makes your approach different (your unique mechanism)
Any guarantees
Example of a specific offer: "A complete cold outbound plus inbound content strategy to bring high-intent leads." Even that can go deeper — the skill will push you to be more precise.
Step 3: Answer Claude's Clarifying Questions
Once you submit your inputs, if anything is too vague or missing, Claude will stop and ask specific questions. It will not guess and move forward — it's instructed to wait for your answers.
Answer these directly. The more specific your answers, the better the offer document that comes out on the other side. This is not friction — it's the skill doing its job.
Step 4: Review the Offer Document
Claude will generate a full offer clarity document. Here's what each section does and why it matters:
Section 1 — The Problem Statement
This section defines the exact problem your offer solves. Two layers:
What is going wrong?
Not a surface-level pain — the real operational breakdown. Example: "Outbound produces reply volume but not demo bookings. Reply-to-demo conversion sits below 8%. Inbound generates near-zero organic leads, making the pipeline 95% dependent on outbound and paid channels."
What is this problem costing them?
Quantified consequences. Example: "CAC has risen 30% over 12 months. A $500K–$2M monthly pipeline target is being missed or swinging 60% month to month. The CMO is spending time writing campaign copy — something she shouldn't be doing."
This section is the foundation of your cold email hook. If you can say the prospect's problem back to them more precisely than they can say it themselves, you've already won half the battle.
Section 2 — The Outcome
What exactly happens when your offer works? This section makes the outcome specific, measurable, and time-bound.
Example: "We help CMOs hit 40+ qualified demo bookings per month from outbound within 90 days, while building a LinkedIn content engine that generates ICP-sourced inbound leads — without the CMO writing a single sequence brief or post herself. Guaranteed by a defined meeting-booked milestone at day 45."
Notice: there's a number, a timeline, and a guarantee. That's what makes an outcome real. No deliverable lists. The CMO doesn't trust deliverables — she trusts demo bookings on her calendar.
Section 3 — Why They Haven't Fixed It Yet
This is where most people don't think hard enough. Your prospect has had this problem for a while. Why haven't they solved it?
Claude breaks this into barriers:
Primary barrier — Risk/Trust
They've already paid 2-3 agencies and nothing moved the pipeline. Every failed vendor experiment makes them more skeptical and more protective of the budget. Your offer needs to lead with a specific, measurable milestone at a defined date — not a list of things you'll do.
Secondary barrier — Effort
In many cases, the ICP is the only person who can actually run the execution. Every new vendor creates more work before it creates less. Your offer needs to remove the CMO from the day-to-day.
AI Era barrier
In 2024-2025, the objection is: "We can do this in-house with AI." The CMO's team has already used Smartlead and Clay. The real gap isn't capability — it's ICP research, angle identification, and sequence architecture. Your offer needs to address that gap explicitly.
Section 4 — The Tiered Offer Stack
The skill generates three pricing tiers — the same structure you see on most SaaS pricing pages:
Tier 1 (Entry) — Small commitment, low risk, low price. Gets the prospect in the door.
Tier 2 (Core) — Full engagement, monthly retainer, 3-month commitment.
Tier 3 (Premium) — Maximum scope, longest term, highest price.
Each tier includes deliverables, what the client doesn't have to do, and what's excluded. This structure gives your prospect a choice rather than a binary yes/no decision.
Section 5 — The Objection Map
For your specific offer and ICP, Claude maps out the most common objections you will face and drafts response frameworks. Example:
Objection: "We already tried a cold email agency and it didn't work."Response direction: The previous agency sent volume without ICP research. Here's how this is different.
Use this as a starting point, not a script. Rewrite the responses in your own voice. The value here is that you're not blindsided on a sales call — you've already thought through every likely pushback.
Section 6 — Positioning
How to describe what you do across different touchpoints:
LinkedIn headline
Cold email opening line
Cold call pitch
Who this offer is for
Who this offer is NOT for
What makes it different from other options
This section tells you how to show up consistently in your content and outreach.
Section 7 — The Complete Offer Summary
One clean summary block: your ICP, your offer, the price, the problem you solve, the outcome, the proof points. Copy-paste ready for use in a proposal, a Notion doc, or a sales deck.
Step 5: Run the AI Era Stress Test
This is the most useful part that most people skip.
After generating the offer document, Claude will ask you to choose from a few options. One of them is the AI Era Stress Test. Choose it.
What happens: Claude reads your entire offer document as a skeptical CMO — your actual ICP — and tells you exactly where the deal falls apart. It highlights every choke point, every unanswered question, every reason the prospect would say no.
Example output from the stress test: "The CMO's thought: 'My junior can do this with Claude on a Friday afternoon. What am I actually paying for?'"
That's a real objection you'll face. The stress test forces you to answer it before your prospect asks it. You then go back and patch those holes — add a guarantee, reframe the unique mechanism, tighten the pricing logic, or add a specific milestone that removes the risk.
Step 6: Iterate
This is not a one-pass workflow. After getting the initial output, push further:
"Based on my offer, what other problems could this ICP be facing that I'm not addressing?"
"Go deeper on the AI era objection. What specific fears does the CMO have about hiring an agency in this environment?"
"Rewrite the outcome section to be more specific about the 90-day milestone."
"Enhance the positioning section — how should I differentiate from agencies that also claim to do cold outbound?"
Each iteration makes the offer document tighter. The goal is an offer so specific and so well-reasoned that when you put it in front of the right person, the only honest answer is yes.
The Actual Point
You could spend 20 minutes writing a generic offer and start sending cold emails tomorrow. Most people do that. Most people get ignored.
This skill exists to make you think through your offer the way a sharp consultant would — problem, outcome, barriers, objections, positioning, stress test. By the time you finish this process, you understand your own offer better than most agencies understand theirs.
That understanding is what makes your cold email land differently. Not the template. Not the subject line. The clarity of thought behind it.
"
 https://www.notion.so/offer-architecture-framework-30e0435e95c780268d37c95097e9650b#:~:text=offer%2Darchitecture%2Dframework-,offer%2Darchitecture%2Dframework,template.%20Not%20the%20subject%20line.%20The%20clarity%20of%20thought%20behind%20it.,-Table

وفيه تاني طبعا مش هنثبتها ولا اي؟/plan انت مش هتكتب البزنس بلان اني هدفي من كل ده هو اني اكلم كلود كود واخليه يعملي بزنس بلان في ملفات md هيكتب البزنس بلان بكل التفاصيل وكل الاقسام وكل قسم في ملف مثلا icp ملف sops ملفات كتير ويعملي اوتومشينز مثلا اوتوميشن للاوتريتش اني مثلا ادي له صانع محتوي علي انستقرام وهو يبدأ يبحث عن صناع محتوي مشابهين له سواء من البحث في اللي بيتابعهم او التعليقات عنده او علامة الزائد اللي بتقترح ناس جدد ويبدأ يجمعلي كل الناس دي وايميلاتها واسماؤها وكده يشوف الشخص اللي اني هديه له يعرف مجاله هل مناسب ولا لا ويشوف عدد المتابعين والمحتوي وهل يقدر يدفع و و و و و مواصفات كتير ويبدأ يبحث عن صناع محتوي مشابهين له ده مثلا اوتوميشين علي n8n هو يعمله يعني المهم هو هيكتب لي كل البزنس بلان انت اكتب الاوامر اللي اعملها عشان اثبت skills ,mcp الخ من الامور اللي هتنفعه وبعدها اكتبلى البرومبت اللي في تفصيل شديد جدا وفكر انت كمان وقوله يكتب كل قسم و و و عايزك تفكر وتخطط فعليا/plan اولا البزنس بلان هتكون 200 الف كلمة مفصلة جدا وانى كنت بظن ان هيكون 20 قسم ده كان ظني طبعا انت عالاقل هتعمل الضعف فاكتب وفكر وحلل بشكل جدي واديني افضل برومبتانت مش تحدد icp او اي حاجة اتركه هو يفكر لوحده وانت مش تحدد حاجة وطبعا في الملفات اللي هرفعها له هتلاقي انه متحدد بالفعل جماهير وطرق الخ اني مش عايزه يعتمد عليها ويتركها باقي الحاجات اني عايزه يفكر من الصفر بس يفهم الوضع من الملفات ديyou will read the chats with gemini etc in folder youtube or chats i dont know but you will read chats with gemini ok? then from all of this knowledge i want you to write file .md in english write the commands and tools should i download for claude code like mcp or skills etc give me one command download every thing and you should that there's a skills in folder skills vault so you can merge it in the claude mind or leave it ok? then after that i want 10000 words prompt for the business plan claude will make ok? you have any questions? 
